Update synchronization-synchronizationjob-provision-on-demand.md (#17382)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/synchronization-synchronizationjobsubject.md

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |links|[synchronizationLinkedObjects](../resources/synchronizationlinkedobjects.md)|Any group members that you would like to provision.|

Reviewer: Does this make sense?
Justification of not using "groups" - I assume this will also be dependent on the objectTypeName property which doesn't always have to be "Group".
```suggestion
|links|[synchronizationLinkedObjects](../resources/synchronizationlinkedobjects.md)|Principals that you would like to provision.|
```
```suggestion
|links|[synchronizationLinkedObjects](../resources/synchronizationlinkedobjects.md)|Any group members that you would like to provision.|
```

|objectId|String|The identifier of an object to which a **synchronizationJob** is to be applied. Can be one of the following: <li>An **onPremisesDistinguishedName** for synchronization from Active Directory to Azure AD.</li><li>The user ID for synchronization from Azure AD to a third-party.</li><li>The Worker ID of the Workday worker for synchronization from Workday to either Active Directory or Azure AD.</li>|

> |objectTypeName|String|The type of the object to which a **synchronizationJob** is to be applied. Can be one of the following: <li>`user` for synchronization from Active Directory to Azure AD.</li><li>`User` for synchronization from Azure AD to a third-party application. </li><li>`Worker` for synchronization from Workday to either Active Directory or Azure AD.</li>|

Reviewer: I see the example you've added uses **objectTypeName** of "Group". Is this value ready to be documented publicly? Yes - please add it to this description. Also, considering there are different group types, might be better to be explicit about the group type you're talking about here (if this is subject to questions).

Author: Good call. Added mention of the group. We don't have the concept of a group type here.
